---
title: "Delay-Constrained Network Resource Allocation"
collection: talks
type: "Conference proceedings talk"
permalink: /talks/2014-03-01-talk-3
venue: "Delay-Constrained Network Resource Allocation"
date: 2023-05
location: "UESTC-PKU"
---

# Research Interests

## Delay-Constrained Network Resource Allocation

My research focuses on the field of network resource allocation under delay constraints. In today's interconnected world, where real-time applications and services are becoming increasingly prevalent, ensuring efficient and timely allocation of network resources is crucial. I am particularly interested in exploring innovative approaches and algorithms that can optimize the allocation of resources in networks with stringent delay requirements.

Some specific areas of interest within this research domain include:

- **Quality of Service (QoS) Provisioning**: Investigating mechanisms to provide reliable and predictable network performance in terms of delay guarantees for time-sensitive applications.

- **Traffic Engineering**: Developing techniques for managing network traffic and optimizing resource allocation to minimize delays and maximize network efficiency.

- **Network Slicing**: Exploring the concept of network slicing, which enables the creation of virtualized network instances tailored to specific application requirements, including stringent delay constraints.

By conducting research in these areas, I aim to contribute to the development of efficient and robust resource allocation techniques that can enhance the performance and reliability of networks operating under time-delay constraints.

Feel free to reach out to me if you're interested in collaborating or learning more about my research!
